todo.md, before:

Liam:
finished ToD and Never have I ever. still have to make it look nice but it works.
Think it might be worth it to have one customizable component for selecting game modes - call it ModeSelector.js. You can pass a prop into this component for whichever game you'll be selecting the mode for (prop "game"), and given this it will return acomponent with various options and routes. but one file for a centralized format and modularity sounds better than the current implementation.

Ex. ModeSelector({game: "Truth or Dare"}) should return the same screen that the truth or dare mode selector currently returns. There can be another file with the necessary data of what should be returned.

Taimur:
Up to u.

Functionality:
_ Add ToD prompts.
_ Decide what will be the subscription feature of our app. More prompts for ToD, access to exclusive game modes?
Build the other games.

Presentation:
_ Nice home screen.
_ Make a uniform color code across components as defined within the AppStyles.js file, and go into certain files
and implement this standard. \* Make Truth or Dare presentable.

    From Github copilot lmao:
        * Implement animations to enhance user experience
        * Design visually appealing user interface
        * Create engaging transitions between screens
        * Use appropriate color schemes and typography
        * Add visual effects to highlight important elements
        * Ensure consistent and responsive layout across different devices
        * Optimize graphics and images for performance
        * Test and refine the visual presentation for a polished look

Commit message:

Cleaned up ToD, started implementing 'punishments' to ToD, built out 'WheelOfMisfortune', made the 'Rules' component and 'ModeSelector' components

todo.md, after:

Liam:
Custom punishments for failing a truth or dare?
Implement the rules button across the app. Update teh function to accept a prop that will determine what the button looks like.
Taimur:
Up to u.

Functionality:
_ Add ToD prompts.
_ Decide what will be the subscription feature of our app. More prompts for ToD, access to exclusive game modes?
Build the other games.

Presentation:
_ Nice home screen.
_ Make a uniform color code across components as defined within the AppStyles.js file, and go into certain files
and implement this standard. \* Make Truth or Dare presentable.

    From Github copilot lmao:
        * Implement animations to enhance user experience
        * Design visually appealing user interface
        * Create engaging transitions between screens
        * Use appropriate color schemes and typography
        * Add visual effects to highlight important elements
        * Ensure consistent and responsive layout across different devices
        * Optimize graphics and images for performance
        * Test and refine the visual presentation for a polished look
